howdy all will come to pro trucks plus
com this is justin with yet another
awkward but educational test drive video
today we're checking out a big-ass
cummins be quiet whoa 120,000 miles
you're in for a treat my friends
at all
all right you ready for this boom it's a
standard kap fet awesome got a standard
cab ram 2500 it's a three-quarter-ton
pickup for long bed 4 by 4 sitting on a
six to eight-inch skyjacker to link dual
coil dual shock oil over suspension
system with 37 inch military tires boom
boom shakalaka got rune l bumpers up
front and back with hookups for a winch
class 5 tow package there it's got a
straight bed bed liner and black diamond
plate that black diamond plating all
around rails nice straight tailgate
they're pretty slick it's got a sliding
rear window a couple of boo-boos I was
actually thinking to be really cool it's
look like a large band-aid on there for
a comical effect but alas it is not my
truck so
silliness
goes undone nice tick tread on these 37
inch military tires they're pretty cool
and this thing runs like a champ oh yeah
it's got a mother in acts on it yeah
that's right I've avoided snoring
somehow but I hope your mind filled in
nice cab clearance lamps very nice touch
it looks like recons actually telling
hooks up front let's take you for a spin
it's an SLT package with power windows
mirrors their locks back down there
giving you vertigo what I do got a tilt
wheel cruise control air conditioning
heated mirrors and nice Tony head unit
sounds pretty good in here we're rocking
out to some cat contrary functional cup
holders and Astra holder i guess this
one's a nonsmoker as far as my nose can
detect and it's a sensitive nose you got
a triple stack gauges here trans temp
pyrometer and a boost meter and it's got
a built-in tweeter it's pretty slick a
red info center well then you have to
drive conservatively to improve that see
we can just scoop my chair up one of the
most self degra vaiting different gosh
forget it forget it just going to drive
it now
on is a beautiful day in the morn
going to warm it
track straight down the road it's
actually a really nice ride especially
for being lived
yeah sounds good and you hear that turbo
spool up fantastic
yep psychos back so this time he's got a
bigger truck
what do I need people are going to come
out and be like stop looking at us
through the window is weird man I would
have done it already
out of it at least introduced myself we
are located in Livermore California our
phone number is 9 to 5 4 4 9 47 47 we
specialize in heavy-duty pickup trucks
most especially heavy-duty diesel pickup
trucks like this one
alright nice smooth shifts all the way
through
smooth breaking I don't
the shocks feel nice and
I said fresh take a hit
I was fun to drive Iraq
it's a fairly short wheelbase pretty
nice really cool color to this is called
like Godsey light driftwood satin glow
that whole thing is the name of the
paint yeah it's really cool colored
really pops in the Sun it's got a pearl
essence to it pretty slick and the
contrasting black is badass in my
opinion take a hop out there to your cat
clearance lights
the gross vehicle weight rating is that
eighty eight hundred pound GVWR
all right or I open it I put make a
small packed with you people don't make
fun of me when I have to close it
because I will have to jump and it's
kind of embarrassing 22 know that
no chips no programmers
Gammons
all right all right all right I know
I've done it all right guy we have a 5.9
liter comments powered ram 2500 it's a
three-quarter-ton pickup standard cab
long bed 4 by 4 128 thousand miles
feeling fresh love the feel this truck
actually rudel bumpers front and back
with winch hook ups 37 inch military
tire skyjacker six to eight-inch slip
Chris slick again my name is Maya
Angelou thank you for hanging out Pro
trucks plus com